trle videorecensione telefonmagazine.it scheduled today
in the night at 7100 supernova
compact from you
the rules of the Finnish house
immediately the price 99 euros for
1 gsm band with connectivity
gprs
macchè ce
slippers
for front with potatoes on the 2-inch screen with 65,000 colors
classic instruction for this type of mobile phone 240 320 pixels
quite bright
paravati 65000 colors
karl miss a kind of adaptability of the screen to the light in fact there is not
brightness sensors
mounts the classic 40 series
as you can see from the menu
the icons can be animated, we have chosen all the tracks
we continue with the first row of keys for the dedicated soft kit
to the functions
these are colored according to the phone there are
there is black like a fuchsia like this model but also my look
dedicated keys for slightly raised calls
5-dimensional joypad
at the moment
select and navigate in the menu
the menus are fast enough between these settings they become a select few and
when
it browses multimedia features as they could be
images of fairies studying images
you can come needs
an instant earth upload images
the camera
it is only one tea placed in the license
rear one, 3 megapixel - only,
slightly inferior, no type of her leaves autofocus unfortunately up
this model letter present digital monsummano 4 keygen
music that runs the horror movie unfortunately the solution only 128 for
97 pixels
excellent for motorcycle mms - in the evening on a computer
cassate ir hate silvio has a voice that
kinder
for audio files
as in mp3 the iron metal and the slide is very solid optical movement
minimum
chrome part around
to the mobile phone
blackmail rate to the camera
here people from him, 5 millimeters for the cuff
for cable for synchronization
nokya oporto to make recharge the phone
this is the microphone
this here is not a meal me just hello with glasses at the top
instead we find
the possibility of detaching the rear bodywork that in classic plastic bl4s
good battery life indeed game
ended more than three days without any problems with some calls a few sms
we said the internal memory is 4 megabytes
expandable. a great idea for a mobile phone
which could have been a convenient mp3 player
to functionality
also mns
I didn't send an extense room message with third-party applications
to be able to configure
unite the
- Instant trips limewire downloads through the gprs ear connection
it is present the bluetooth naturally marks. 0
m
Unfortunately not
the mp3 player is present but with 4 megs of memory
integrative expandable
starace does very little
there is also a radio
for a
msn so it is possible though
use a tt to use unfortunately only with the normal model headphones
such
as we said imprinted heidi 99 euros
and 'though' while the r of this type with good plastics if not that
back a little
the flag
but with good finishes the assembly
it's very good for a 99 phone
kernel cellularemagazine.it tv the weather napoli nokya
supernova